README.md, before:

# Abricot moulinette

Welcome to Abricot Norminette,
Abricot Norminette is a checker for C project file and check the coding style errors for EPITECH


## Files checked
- *.c
- *.h
- *Makefile

## Error handling

- G 6, 1, 2, 3, 8
> include folder should not contain .h files; 
> bad file header; 
> there should be only one line between each fonction; 
> preprocessor directive must be indented; 
> trailing space; 
- C 1
> there should not be more than 3 depth
- L 2, 3, 4
> bad indentation; 
> misplaced spaces; 
> misplaced curly bracket; 
- O 1, 4, 3
> check useless file; 
> snake case convention; 
> to many fonctions in a file; 
- F 3, 4, 5
> a line lenght shoud not exceed 80 columns; 
> a fonction should not exceed 20 lines; 
> more than 4 arguments in a fonction; 

## installation

write this commande at the home of you computer :
```
git clone git@github.com:Just1truc/Abricot-Norminette.git
```
go in the file and execute the installator :
```
./install_abricot.sh
```
Be careful Abricot norminette only work with ZSH

## Up to date

Updates are regulary made.
To update Abricot you juste have to go in the file ``Abricot-Norminette`` where you download it and write this commande :
```
git pull
```


## Credit

programation : Justin Duc;

rédaction : Baptiste Leroyer;

L3 handling : Matthias André

Commit message:

[UPDATE] README.md
Multiple modifications are made.

- Line 38: Use the HTTPS download instead of the SSH one as it is not required to use authentification. Changes in the command to directly download in the user's home folder.
- Line 42: Changes in the command to CD into Abricot folder and install it.
- Line 44-45: Added an "warning" emoji and specified how to install ZSH.
- Line 52: Changed the update command to use the incorporated one.
- Added a "Compatibility" section.

README.md, after:

# Abricot moulinette

Welcome to Abricot Norminette, a checker for C project files that check the coding style errors for EPITECH


## Files checked
- *.c
- *.h
- *Makefile

## Error handling

- G 6, 1, 2, 3, 8
> include folder should not contain .h files; 
> bad file header; 
> there should be only one line between each fonction; 
> preprocessor directive must be indented; 
> trailing space; 
- C 1
> there should not be more than 3 depth
- L 2, 3, 4
> bad indentation; 
> misplaced spaces; 
> misplaced curly bracket; 
- O 1, 4, 3
> check useless file; 
> snake case convention; 
> to many fonctions in a file; 
- F 3, 4, 5
> a line lenght shoud not exceed 80 columns; 
> a fonction should not exceed 20 lines; 
> more than 4 arguments in a fonction; 

## Installation

Clone the repository in your home folder :
```
git clone https://github.com/Just1truc/Abricot-Norminette.git ~/Abricot-Norminette
```
Get into the repository folder and execute the "install_abricot.sh" file :
```
cd ~/Abricot-Norminette && ./install_abricot.sh
```
⚠️ Be careful ! Abricot norminette only works with ZSH.<br />
ZSH can (generally) be installed using your OS package manager (apt, dnf, brew...)

## Update instrutions

Updates are regulary made.<br />
To update Abricot, please use the following command :
```
abricot --update
```

## Compatibility

Python3+ should be installed on your computer for Abricot to work.

| OS           	| Compatible ?  	|
|--------------	|---------------	|
| Debian based 	| ✅             	|
| Fedora based 	| ✅             	|
| Windows      	| ⚠️ WSL advised 	|


## Credits

Programation : Justin Duc;

Redaction : Baptiste Leroyer;

L3 handling : Matthias André;

Quality: Thomas Mazaud
